updated third-party-facing Slack to Discord refs (#4743)
unisonweb/unison: development.markdown

__General:__ `./scripts/test.sh` compiles and builds the Haskell code and runs all tests. Recommended that you run this before pushing any code to a branch that others might be working on.

> _Disclaimer_ If you have trouble getting started, please get in touch via [Discord](https://discord.gg/unison) so we can help.  If you have any fixes to the process, please send us a PR!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Disclaimer_ If you have trouble getting started, please get in touch via [Discord](https://unison-lang.org/discord) so we can help.  If you have any fixes to the process, please send us a PR!
```
